Hahaha, don't come here, don't come here
Kindness is rewarded
Evil pays off
It's not that you don't report it.
Today is your day of death, I don't want it
Ah!
It's so unpredictable
The world is full of Rashomon
How sad!
The three crowns should be here
little brother
Is the Three Crown Wu Chenchen there?
Donor, my master traveled to Xianyou 30 years ago.
Oh, what a pity.
Late again.
Is it God's will?
Donor, what do you want from my master?
Wu Chenzhenren 30 years ago
Sealed a ghost in Fengmen Village
Have you ever heard a real person mention it?
Are you talking about Xu Bingyan?
What did Wu Chenzhenren have to say before his death?
Master Daxing specially instructed before
30 years later
There will be destined people to lift the curse of Fengmen Village
Donor, please wait a moment.